hey guys it's my curent today I'm going
to be bringing you a spoiler free review
of resurrection F the newest film from
Akira Toriyama and Dragon Balls now as
you may all know resurrection F is the
new film that is set after the events of
battle of gods and which Frieza the
Galactic Tyron who is defeated by Goku
and trunks is resurrected by his minions
and then exacts a plan of revenge upon
the sayings who killed him as well as
the earth their home planet now as I'm
not going to be getting into spoilers
about what exactly happens in this film
or the climax I'll simply talk about
what I thought in my impressions as
someone who actually saw it first off
I'll start by talking about the English
version of this film and although from
everything I've heard there has
certainly been some script changes in
the dug the dub itself was excellently
voice acted by voice actors such as sean
schemmel chris abbott and of course
Chris heirs who did the voice of reason
their voice acting performances
showcased of maturity that's grown since
the original series and of course a
great range which they can definitely
utilize to embody the emotions of the
characters and the characters themselves
while also on top of that prove exactly
why there are so many spurred voices for
these characters as for the animation of
the film I would have to say that it was
very good and actually better than the
previous film battle of gods now of
course there was a good amount of CGI
which was used in this film as seems to
be the case in a lot of the animation
these days however I would definitely
have to say that was far more seamless
than what we got in the previous film
that being said despite the fact that
there was definitely blood and violence
set was conveyed in the animation this
film there was also a good amount of
censorship which actually happened in it
as well so for example when someone was
say blasted through their body there
would be no visible hole but there would
be something there that would be akin to
a hole like a burn mark other than that
I would definitely say that the
animation was very solid now moving on
to the actual crux of this film which is
the story plot and character development
this is actually where the film tends to
suffer the most now although there's
definitely a number of interesting
action set pieces as well as scenarios
and the idea of the story itself of a
villain actually being brought back to
life and then training to combat his
enemy which is kind of the inverse of
what we typically see in Dragon Ball Z
is
interesting the execution and the way
that it's handled in this film are
incredibly problematic time and time
again throughout the course of this film
in the story which is told by the
writers and director we are constantly
faced with problems and logical issues
which constantly bombard our minds and
make us wonder exactly what is happening
and how any of it makes any sense
whatsoever character actions make no
sense whatsoever nor does dialogue
choices which are uttered sudden power
restrictions seem pretty apparent on
many characters despite their entire
series of which they became stronger and
stronger to the point where it almost
seems like they're being nerfed or
retcon to be much weaker than they
actually were earlier in the series
forms which are hyped up to be the
ultimate empower don't live up to
expectations and in the end it appear
that things that should no longer be a
threat to these characters who should
long move past them are now being
Institute as threats to these characters
and in no way doesn't make any sense
whatsoever nor is it explained as to how
it works but I would have to say that
overall the biggest problem with this
film is lack of tension in the fact that
all of it in the end feels pointless
despite earlier in the film them
instituting stakes which could certainly
improve upon the drama later in the film
they no longer seem to really matter all
too much and unfortunately the film goes
out of its way to dispel any tension
which could arise as a result of them so
you definitely shouldn't come into this
film expecting something like a super
perfect cell vs an injured teen gohan in
terms of overall tension and feeling of
dread so in accordance with this lack of
tension all drama that would accompany
this tension in the action set-pieces
makes them all fall flat and although
there's certainly some cool scenes and
attacks none of them really make up for
this problem and without getting into
spoilers as I mentioned earlier this
film tend to feel pointless in the end
due the fact that there's no real
significant character development or
plot development whatsoever it's simply
more of a well that just happened kind
of film but the biggest question you
might want to know the answer to is is
this film really worth your money and
we're seeing in theaters right now and
although I certainly had some fun
watching this movie and of course there
is some good comedy within it unless of
course you're going to see this movie
just for the simple novelty of seeing a
dragon ball z movie in the--
which is the reason I went that I would
definitely have to say it really isn't
worth the price that you would pay to go
see it so in the end I would have to say
just wait for the blu-ray well this has
been a review of dragon ball z
resurrection F tell me your own thoughts
in the comments section what you thought
this review and of course way you
actually thought a movie tell me your
thoughts on the movie what you liked
about it and what you did it also don't
forget to check out my ass kept them
which will be in the description if you
have any other questions and don't
forget to Like share and subscribe and
as I always say stick around because
there's a lot more to come in the future
as you got to subscribe